= KNOWLEDGE BASE =

Vim Wiki Basic Key Bindings
Grep Commands

=========[ VIM WIKI BASIC KEY BINDINGS ]====================

Sunday 21 June 2020 12:54:53 PM IST
-----------------------------------
<Leader>ww -- Open default wiki index file.
<Leader>wt -- Open default wiki index file in a new tab.
<Leader>ws -- Select and open wiki index file.
<Leader>wd -- Delete wiki file you are in.
<Leader>wr -- Rename wiki file you are in.
<Enter>    -- Follow/Create wiki link.
<Shift-Enter> -- Split and follow/create wiki link.
<Ctrl-Enter> -- Vertical split and follow/create wiki link.
<Backspace> -- Go back to parent(previous) wiki link.
<Tab> -- Find next wiki link.
<Shift-Tab> -- Find previous wiki link.
	
Refer to the complete documentation at :h vimwiki-mappings to see many more bindings.






=========[ GREP COMMAND ]===================================

Sunday 21 June 2020 10:14:15 AM IST
-----------------------------------

Used to find text in files

*Usage*: grep [flags] "search text" filename1 filename2

*Flags*
	w - whole word match
	i - insensitive case match
	n - number line show
	l - *list files* only
	r - recursively match (go in subdirectories also)
	c - count the number of matches and shew
	B n - Show n number of lines above the match
	A n - Show n number of lines below the match
	C n - Show n number of lines above & below the match

Grep allows Posix Style, Perl Regex 

*Examples*
grep "this" demo_*
grep -i "string" FILE
grep "lines.*empty" demo_file
grep -iw "is" demo_file
grep -A 3 -i "example" demo_text






=========[ Jagiwala Notes ]=================================

--- Monday 22 June 2020 ---

Sleeping for 11 Hours
Drowsy for the day. Feeling foggy.
Forgetfulness increased.
Distractability has somewhat decreased.

Medicines Prescribed From 22 Jun to 02 Jul 2020

|--------------|---------------|------------------|
| Morning      | Afternoon     | Night            |
|--------------|---------------|------------------|
| Arip MT 5    | Nextop 100    | Miz-30           |
| BD12         | Fluxam-50     | Proxetin XR 37.5 |
| Bulet SR 150 | Bulet SR-150  | Clopin-10        |
| Tiaride-25   | T-Lith CR 450 | Clobaz-10        |
| ---          | ---           | Valz-20          |
|--------------|---------------|------------------|







=========[ Sudipta Roy Notes ]==============================

--- Monday 22 June 2020 ---

Habit of Self creating scenarios and playing protagonist.
Would she consider the MCMI report of Anupama Kapur?
I have a perfectionism no kido in me. But not much of OCD. I am much more restless.






=========[ MCMI Diagnosis ]=================================


--- Tuesday 23 June 2020 ---

*Quotes*
Possible Diagnoses
He appears to fit the following Axis II classifications best: Dependent Personality Disorder, with
Avoidant Personality Traits, Antisocial Personality Traits, and Self-defeating Personality Features.

Axis I clinical syndromes are suggested by the client's MCMI-III profile in the areas of Major
Depression (recurrent, severe, without psychotic features), Adjustment Disorder with Anxiety, and
Bipolar Disorder (manic, severe, without psychotic features)

--



